Notes:
======
This directory contains two scripts used for handling bounced emails. The first is
parsemail.pl which parses the bounced mail for the sirsi account and creates a NDR.log
report of which accounts failed and why.

The second script file is bounceback.pl which modifies customer's accounts (see documentation in script).
It modifies the patron accounts by removing the email field of the customer and placing
the offending address, the reason for the bounce and the date it occured in a comment field 
on the patron's account. It only performs this on the most serious SMTP errors.

571 our domain has been blacklisted by recipients domain
450 Patron's mailbox is unreachable and may be corrupted, offline indefinitely, or our domain blacklisted by domain
554 Recipient's server believes our domain's email is spam
553 Mailbox address is invalid
551 Relay denied, recipient's ISP needs to allow our domain
550 Patron's Mailbox is either disabled, suspended, firewall-blocking our domain, or does not exist
541 Patron's firewall has rejected our domain's mail
521 Patron's email account is disabled
513 Recipient's mail server thinks the address is incorrectly formatted. Check for invalid characters
512 The host server for the recipient’s domain name cannot be found
516 Bad email address.
510 Bad email address. Confirm spelling
511 Bad email address. Confirm spelling
111 Patron's mail server refused our connection request

It does however log all errors to help with diagnosing problems with mail.


A third file, uniqbounce.pl manages a list of emailed customers. This script is
not used regularly and was developed to help with the situation where Microsoft
blacklisted our site and hotmail customers no longer received our notices.

Until that got fixed, we emailed customers through our marketing accout at EPL,
that we could not reach them by email so please check your account online
to find out what fees, fines, holds you have. This script managed the accounts
to ensure that we didn't spam them with the same message every time we emailed 
something.

Dependencies:
=============
The script parsemail.pl uses xmail to send reports, but this can be modified or disabled to suit your system.

Andrew Nisbet May 20, 2014.